overlook the importance of health insurance in our busy lives,
but comprehensive health insurance is
n't just a safety net; it's a
critical element of your overall well-being. Today,
we're going to talk
about the ICICI Normal Elevate plan. The ICICI Normal Elevate
plan offers you comprehensive health
insurance coverage along with exceptional
flexibility and peace of mind. So, let's start with the
entry age and limit. The
entry age for the ICICI Normal Elevate plan starts at 6 years. Don't
worry about the upper age limit; there are no maximum age
restrictions, so you
can secure coverage no matter how young or young you are.
For younger clients,
one child between 91 days and 5 years of age can be insured under a single Slaughter plan.
Coverage for Slaughter plan dependents extends to 30 years, ensuring
your family remains
protected even as it grows. Now, let's learn
about policy tenure. Choose the
policy tenure that best suits your lifestyle and preferences.
You
can opt for a one-year coverage or for a long-term
commitment, you can also take a 2-year or 3-year policy.
This flexibility gives you the opportunity to
tailor the plan to your needs
and ensure that you are
protected for the duration that
best suits you. Speaking of sums,
with the ICICI NOM Elite plan, you
get an extensive range of coverage options. The
minimum sum in sum starts at ₹5 lakh
and there is no cap on the maximum sum in sum.
So, you can avail as much coverage as you want, giving
you
peace of mind for any eventuality. Now let's talk
about room rent limit. You
can comfortably stay in a single private AC room as part of the standard coverage. If you
wish, you can opt for an add-on that
provides coverage without any room rent limit, allowing
you to select the room of your choice
without worrying about any extra cost.
Now comes pre and post
hospitalization. ICICI NOM plan covers pre-
hospitalization expenses.  Covers post-hospitalization expenses for 90 days and up
to 180 days This ensures
that you are covered not only during your hospital stay
but also for essential treatments and consultations before and after hospitalization
Now let's move on to
comprehensive coverage The Elevate plan offers extensive coverage
for a range of treatments and medical needs.
This includes day
care and procedures, domiciliary treatments,
organ donor expenses, and modern treatments. You don't have to worry about
extra costs for a wide range of healthcare services until you select sum In short, you don't have to worry about extra costs for a wide range of healthcare services.
Now comes
waiting period reduction Understanding the concerns of pre-existing
conditions and specified illnesses,
our plan offers the
option to reduce waiting periods. You can reduce the
waiting period for pre-existing diseases
from 3 years to 2 years or 1 year. For
similarly specified illnesses, you can reduce the
waiting period from 2 years to 1 year, depending on your preference  Can be reduced up to 1 year
Now let's talk about Jump Start Rider
Our Jump Start Rider covers pre-existing
diseases like asthma, diabetes, hypertension,
hyperlipidemia and obesity as a
remarketing
condition for up to 30 days after the reduction waiting
period without any
additional loading cost which
is limited to the rider fee only Now let's talk about
Infinite Coverage Options Infinite Sum
Insured and Infinite Claim Amount Options
With Infinite Sum Insured, you
can never opt out of coverage
You can enjoy the security of endless coverage without any limitations
With Infinite Claim Amount Add-on, you will not face any limits on the one-time claim amount The
insurance is covered without any
restrictions
Now let's talk about Cumulate Bonus and
Decent Benefits Power Waster Add-
on gives you 100% cumulate bonus every year
whether you have made a claim or not This bonus
continues indefinitely  Accurate every year
Enhances your coverage Plus with the Infit Reset
Benefit you
can reset your coverage unlimited times keeping your
protection fresh and comprehensive
Now comes OPD and
Worldwide Cover If you want additional benefits, the
IIC Laba plan
offers the option of OPD coverage which covers inpatient
consultations, routine diagnostics, minor
procedures, pharmacy expenses,
physiotherapy,
counselling and more. And if
you choose the Worldwide Cover add-on,
you will get protection for inpatient
hospitalization and day care procedures for global expenses including
USA and Canada Now let's
discuss about
Voluntary Copay Options To further tailor your coverage,
you
can choose any of the voluntary copay options -
10%, 20%, 30%, 40% or 50% This means
you can choose a 10% of the claim amount  You can
share a fixed percentage and the rest will be
covered by the insurer which
provides flexibility and control over your premium cost.
So this is ICICI Loard Caveat plan
with complete features. For more such product reviews
subscribe to this channel. Thank you for
watching.
[Music]